When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get...serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
At first you were condemning me...for using
Mechanical Bakugan...But now I see you have joined
the brawl.
Finally, a worthy opponent... Drago!
Worthier than you...Helios!
[mighty battle attack roar]
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Final Countdown.
Haven't you humans ever heard of knocking?
I would have expected better manners, especially
from Professor Clay's daughter.
Now get out...
...before I decide to punish you for trespassing
on my collection.
[angry gasp]
On your collection?
That's right...
These five warrior Bakugan are one of a kind.
And I only need one more to complete the set.
[\u266a]
But you fools...keep interfering in my
plans...You won't stop me from taking the dragonoid!
You're a monster.
What's that?
You took Preyas, the best friend I ever had...and
you treated him like a thing.
Even worse than a thing.
That's right.
And I'm...
going to make you pay for that!
Marucho!
[angry attack roar]
Nice tantrum.
[\u266a]
Mylene!
No one attacks a Vestal prince of the realm.
[angry frustration]
I don't need help.
Come with me, your highness.
What did you say?
You can't tell me what to do!
Come back here, coward!
I'll have you arrested...Stop! Please!
Calm down. This is for your own good.. Hmmph!
[yelling]
Those two deserve each other!
Don't even think about them.
Time has come...to free our friends, the Bakugan!
That's right...this is what we've been fighting for.
It's all worth it.
I demand an explanation...
Mylene...You had the Resistance cold but you retreated.
Spectra never would have done something like that.
Prince Hydron...
We are all leaving New Vestroia immediately.
What are you talking about?
You need to face facts...Our occupation of
New Vestroia is a failure...So now...we
shall return home to Vestal and regroup.
What do you mean?
I'm going to return to my father with my tail
between my legs?
I won't go!
We both know my father will blame me for
everything that happened here.
It's not fair.
You guys should have stopped the Resistance
from destroying the Dimension Controllers!
Don't worry.
Your father won't blame you.
He won't?
No. He'll understand when you explain...that you
discovered a traitor...Here, in the Vexos.
A traitor named Spectra.
Blame Spectra?
Of course.
That's why you planted Lync as a spy.
You knew Spectra was planning to overthrow the
royal family and claim the throne.
...But...Spectra...
Just remember this, my prince...
You single-handedly uncovered a plot which
would have destroyed the Vestal empire...Imagine...
...how proud your father will be...when he finds
out all of this.
Under the orders of his majesty Prince Hydron we
will be retreating from New Vestroia immediately.
No way...I thought we were leaving his royal lameness
behind.
Me too...It's not like he can do anything.
Are you loyal to anything?
Sure I am, Volt...You know from brawling with me that
I'm very loyal to...
like three people.
Me. Myself. And I.
[growl]
A Vestal prince might be of some use...But he'll
also make a terrific...
Fall guy...
Dragonoid, your time has come!
[enraged battle roar]
[roaring impact]
You're a fool, Helios!
Admit it, you love the power.
Ability Card Set.
Aquos, Haos, Pyrus.
Three Attributes Fusion Ability Activate!
[effort]
Parariddle Fire!
Calculating Power Levels.
Ability Card Set.
Ventus, Subterra and Darkus...
Three Attributes Fusion Ability...Ac-ti-vate.
Calculating Power Levels.
Vanishing Fire!
Three attributes in one activation!
Man, that power is beyond epic!
Dan and Drago are charging this brawl full on...
But even with the Ultimate Bakugan they'll have to
work to stay in the game...
cause the future of New Vestroia is in their hands.
Ha ha! Not bad, eh?
But now try... ...this!
Ability Card Set.
Consecutive Activation of Abilities...
Impossible!
Begin now!
[extreme pain]
[effort grunt]
Now I'm getting it.
The thought communication system lets me manipulate
the Mechanical Bakugan at will.
[cocky chuckle]
Chronic!
Way to go, Drago!
You can't dodge this!
Can't I?
[battle roar]
[explosions]
[effort]
Dan! How's it going, man?
This is dangerous.
The more we brawl, the more power we're generating.
And I'm not sure we can control it!
Who cares!
I'll rip apart the whole planet if that is what I
have to do!
You're mad!
That's why we will always win!
Why waste time worrying when victory is within our grasp?
With unlimited power the universe is ours!
Wake up...That thinking's dangerous!
It's essential...Your hesitation will cost you
this battle...
And Maxos Helios and I will wipe you out!
[battle roar]
You're twisted...The Bakugan don't fight for
power, they fight for peace!
Thinking like that will destroy the world.
We won't let you get away with this!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Strike Dragon!
[building battle roar]
Way to rip!
Wait!
He's not done yet!
[pain]
[battle attack roar]
I don't believe it.
That huge Bakugan can fly?
Fly High, Helios!
[battle attack roar]
[pain]
It's time to catch some air...Drago!
Intercept!
I can see my house from here!
If they want an air fight...then they'll get
one...Helios!
My pleasure.
[\u266a]
Dan!
Just don't fall.
[\u266a]
What do you think?
Will we be able to free Preyas and the others?
We'll see...
Nice job.
Yeah but...do you have any idea how to work this thing?
I think we have to activate the biological
maintenance system to reverse the process that
turned the Bakugan into bronze statues.
Then what are we waiting for?
Let's boot this baby up!
It's not so simple.
We have to figure out the right combination of keys
to launch the program.
There are a lot...of keys.
Oh Boy!
Look at all that data.
The combinations are endless.
You gotta be kidding.
We'll never be able to figure this out...
It's impossible
What was that?
I thought...I finally found you, Preyas...and
now you're gone.
I'm sorry I was too late.
That's it!
I can't stand to see you cry, Marucho!
You're gonna short out the console.
What are you doing?
What does it look like?
I'm trying every combination of numbers on this board.
So if you want to see Preyas, help me push buttons!
Thank you, Elfin...You're gonna get me crying
again...Make room, I'm getting in there.
That's it. Make your fingers fly!
We've got nothing to lose.
Come on, everybody!
We can do this!
Skyress...Preyas...Hydra... Tigrerra.... and Gorem.
Hang on, you guys.
We're coming.
Faster, everybody!
I don't care how long it takes, Preyas...I'm gonna
set you free!
[\u266a]
We're coming Preyas! Bakugan Brawl!
You can fly but you can't hide, Spectra!
[\u266a]
Careful Dan, they're around here somewhere.
Looks like we scared Spectra off...that's sweet.
Got 'em.
Troll patrol. Twelve o'clock high.
Ability Activate!
Darkus Slave!
Hang on!
[defiant pain]
Drago!
[\u266a]
It seems you have greater mobility...
...But you can't match Helios' firepower.
Get over yourself...Double Ability Activate!
Aquos Cyclo-Wave...plus...
Ability Card Set.
Haos Frain!
[\u266a]
[effort]
[pain]
Epic Hit!
But was it enough?
Are you kidding? They're totally wiped!
Think again, human!
Double Ability Activate!
Subterra Gravity plus...
Ability Card Set.
Darkus Beagalita!
[battle roar]
Let's see you joke your way out of this!
...That's trouble.
It's a Gravity Space Ball.
If we get sucked inside we'll be crushed!
So not happening.
Double Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set.
Pyrus Volting plus Maximum Dragon!
Check your range, Drago.
We only get one shot...Looking good!
Now!
[\u266a]
Solid!
Hang tight!
Things are about to heat up!
Gotcha!
Woot! Flame on!
I'll cool you down!
Ability Card Set.
Double Ability Activate!
Darkus Slave plus Haos Sharia!
[battle roar]
You will bow before me!
[extreme battle roar]
[extreme struggle]
You can't resist our power!
You want power? You got it!
[extreme effort]
Pulverize him, Helios!
Don't give in!
[extreme struggle]
I know this is a great aerobic workout and all but...
...Maybe hitting random buttons isn't the best way
to do this.
We can't give up now.
Who's giving up?
Mira, we can do this.
Huh? Right.
We're catching pieces of it.
But we need the whole code to free them...
What if we can't do it?
Marucho, why are you stopping?
Oh no!
Drago!
Look out!
They're heading for the palace!
[\u266a]
Whoa!
Let me off this ride!
I don't believe it!
The combination!
You found it!
I'm so brilliant!
Yes, you are!
Victory! Well done!
Finally, a lucky break!
You'll be back to normal soon, Preyas.
[\u266a]
.. We're inside Vespalace...
Are you all right, Dan?
[weary groan]
Sure am...It was kind of like a roller coaster.
You wanna do it again?
You're unbelievable.
[amused laugh]
Something tells me this brawl's not over.
Incoming!
[threatening roar]
I'm going to annihilate you!
Unleash me Spectra.
Don't hold back.
I won't...It's time to hit them with everything
we've got.
Six Attributes Fusion Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set!
Ultimate Striker!
All six attributes?
I didn't know that was possible without the
Perfect Core.
It shouldn't be.
You leave me no choice, Helios.
I'm ending this now!
Dan!
Right! We're bringing it now!
Ability Card Set!
Six Attributes Fusion Ability Activate!
Ultimate Gardiner!
[gathering power roar]
You're king of the ring, Drago!
[ready for final battle roar]
[building power/rage roar]
Whoa man...That Helios has serious mood swings.
Hmm.
Spectra's come to us.
That saves me the trouble of luring him into our trap.
Hah!
At least Spectra's putting on a good show for his old friends.
He sure goes big.
I like him. He brawls with style.
Who asked you?
What can I say? I'm a Bakugan. I love a good brawl.
He's right Mylene.
Let us join the battle. We can still win.
Oh really?
In that case...
...Get lost.
What?
Hey!
Hey, what'd I ever do to you?
Not so tight.
Aaaahh!
Brontes?
What's wrong with you, Mylene?
We have no use for them.
The Bakugan have served their purpose.
Says who!
Says me.
We have created new weapons more powerful than
the Bakugan.
Professor Clay's Mechanical Bakugan.
A weapon with feelings is useless to us...All that
matters is power...Now that we have that the
Bakugan are history.
Don't you agree, Volt?
We agree, don't we Lync?
Sure.
Prepare the shuttle for lift-off.
Takeoff Sequence Activated.
All sections secure.
Ignite engines.
[\u266a]
Unlock docking clamps.
Ready for lift-off.
Now! Lift off!
[intensifying growl]
[annoyed grunt]
These energy levels are out of control...It's too
dangerous!
Dial it down, Drago!
I can't, Dan!
Why?
This is the only way to save New Vestroia.
We can't give up now!
You know I'm right.
Drago!
Okay, kick it up!
Bah! You may be afraid of the power but I'm not!
I want more!
So do I!
Your new body has been engineered for infinite energy!
And it's time we use it to crush them all!
[\u266a]
We'll see about that.
I'm about to make you famous, Spectra.
Your name will go down in Vestal history as the
greatest traitor of all time.
But you won't be around to see it.
[closed-mouth, self-satisfied chuckle)
[battle roar]
This will hurt you more than it hurts me....
Sayonara Spectra!
[explosions]
Whoa!
Auto Self-Destruct System activated.
Please evacuate immediately.
We can't leave.
The conversion isn't done!
What's taking so long?
We have to get the brawlers out of here.
We're not leaving.
Yeah, but.....
Not without Skyress...
I hope they've gotten out of there.
It's bad news if they haven't.
Are you okay, Dan?
I think so...What just happened?
Looks like Spectra's friends have turned against him.
Drago!!!!!
[angry roar]
They'll come crawling back, once I've destroyed
you once and for all!
Spectra!
[crazed laugh]
Whoa! Our Bakugan pals are still statues, Vesplace is
crumbling and Spectra and Helios just keep on coming!
But Spectra's gonna have to face me one on one.
Question is; has he got the guts?
No matter what happens, I still have a few Ability
Cards up my sleeve.
But after a brawl this massive will there be a
New Vestroia left to save?
Don't miss the battle of the century, next time!
Bakugan Brawl!
Oh yeah.
[\u266a]